You've already seen a lot of examples of us using variables.
But before we move on, I just want you to understand identifiers.
Don't get intimidated with the terminology. All an identifier is, this it's a name. It's the name that
we give a variable, function or property. But there's certain rules around identifiers.
We can't just name our variables anything we want.
We've got to be careful how we structure it and the syntax we use.
For example, identifiers have to consist of letters and numbers.
We can't use symbols. And think about it,
look at your keyboard numbers now.
All of them have operation meaning. You've got the brackets for nine and zero,
you've got the multiplication sign on eight,
you've got the ampersand sign for seven,
the power sign on six,
so we can't use any of these symbols because when the parser comes across those symbols, it interprets
them in a very structured and ordered way.
We can, however, use the dollar sign or underscore when naming a variable - that is open to us.
The other thing with identifiers is that we can't begin our variable name with a number.
So then how do we name our variables and what is the best practice?
Well, the convention that I like, and it's probably the most popular, is what's known as cameCase,
except for class names and const variables.
Although you can, the industry standard is that you structure those a different way.
So when you come across a variable in code that's just all capitals, for example, you'll immediately
know that that's a "const" variable.
For example, const PI = 3.142.
You wouldn't expect in your code to ever change it.
And that's why the identifier would be all caps on a const, in this case capital P and a capital I.
You also need to be aware that variable names are case sensitive.
This means that if we define a variable called myvariable, all lowercase, and we make that equal to
one.
And we do the same thing with another variable, but we use camelCase and we assign that the value two.
These are two distinct variables.
They are not equal to same thing.
And last but not least, identifiers must not consist of reserved keywords.
We know that we've been using reserved keywords all the time with JavaScript. You've seen alert, prompt
console.log, etc.
We can't be using these to define variable names because then the interpreter is not going to know what's
going on.
Reserve keywords are just words in the JavaScript language that have in-built functionality, they
have been predefined by the programmers of JavaScript for us.
And here are some examples on the screen.
These are not exhaustive.
There are hundreds of reserved keywords.
So just don't use these when defining your own variable.
Let's move on.